Progress KendoReact v3

Copyright Â© 2018-2020 Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its
subsidiaries or affiliates. All rights reserved.

Portions of the Product include certain open source and commercial third-party
components listed below ("Third-Party Components"). The authors of the
Third-Party Components require Progress Software Corporation ("PSC") to
include the following notices and additional licensing terms as a condition of
PSC's use of such Third-Party Components.  You acknowledge that the authors
of the Third-Party Components have no obligation to provide support to you for
the Third-Party Components or the Product.  You hereby undertake to comply with
all licenses related to the applicable Third-Party Components.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, to the extent that any of the terms and conditions of
the Product Agreement conflict, vary, or are in addition to the terms and
conditions of the aforementioned third-party licenses for these technologies,
such terms and conditions are offered by Progress alone and not by any other
party.


1. Special Notices Regarding Open Source Third-Party Components incorporated in
the Product:

(1) BSD-Style Licenses:

(a) Progress KendoReact v3 incorporates React-Transition-Group v 4.1.0.  Such
technology is subject to the following terms and conditions:

  BSD 3-Clause License
  
  Copyright (c) 2018, React Community
  Forked from React (https://github.com/facebook/react) Copyright 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
  All rights reserved.
  
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
  
  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  
  * Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission.
  
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
  AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
  SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
  CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
  OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
  OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

(2) MIT-Style Licenses:

(a) Progress KendoReact v3 incorporates IProp-Types v15.7.2.  Such technology is
subject to the following terms and conditions:

  MIT License
  
  Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
  
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
  copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
  SOFTWARE.

(b) Progress KendoReact v3 incorporates prosemirror-commands v1.0.7,
prosemirror-dropcursor v1.0.1, proseirror-gapcursor v1.0.2, prosemirror-history
v1.0.2, prosemirror-inputrules v1.0.1, prosemirror-keymap v1.0.1,
prosemirror-model v1.6.1, prosemirror-schema-list v1.0.1, prosemirror-state
v1.2.2, prosemirror-tables v0.7.10, prosemirror-transform v1.1.3, and
prosemirror-view v1.5.2.  Such technology is subject to the following terms and
conditions:

  Copyright (C) 2015-2017 by Marijn Haverbeke <marijnh@gmail.com> and others

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.

2. Special Notices Regarding Commercially Licensed Third-Party Components
incorporated in the Product: NONE

NOTICE FROM PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORPORATION: Additional notices may be included in
the release notes or other documentation that accompanies updates received in
connection with support of the Product.


Updated 1/15/2020
